sometimes I try to count my family to
practice my numbers I have one two three
four oh I wish they would stand still
I'm trying to count I'll start again one
two three oh and her and them and all
I've lost count again anyway there are
lots and lots of us in my family all
that counting has made me sleepy we
always have a rest in the middle of the
day when the Sun is so hot my auntie's
are snoring already but I prefer to roll
in the grass cooling off I get to spend
a lot of time with my family which I
love this is my mama mama is she
she's great but she's always trying to
keep my face clean and behind my ears oh
mama stop it the tick oh look my
auntie's are waking up there's auntie
Socko and that's my auntie - I think oh
you see because that's another auntie
and it all gets so confusing I have a
lot of auntie's here but this this is my
dad
I call him Bubba
he's so big and brave and strong and
handsome and he has the biggest softest
hairiest name all around his face bigger
than any other lion's mane in the Masai
Mara one day I will look like him but I
have a lot of growing to do first my
Baba is so old